Am I the asshole for embarassing my brother-in-law
subreddit: AmItheAsshole
For context, my wife and I (early 30s), live in the same city as her family. Recently, we got a great job opportunity abroad and we took it, with a date set for our relocation in October. We don't necessarily want to stay in that country permanently, but we see it a great opportunity and life experience, and our job contracts are for now set for a 1-year term with possibility for extension.

When my wife announced it to her parents, she got a pretty bad reaction ranging from "why would you want to move there?" to something like "what are we gonna do without you living nearby?". This really made my wife sad and pissed me off because, despite living just 30 minutes away from them, we almost never see her parents or brother (usually like 3 times per year, incl. Christmas). My wife would love to see them more often and used to initiate a lot and propose a variety of meeting places (inviting to our home too), but the parents often reply with "Oh, we're tired and busy now, let's see each other next month" and her brother always says he has so much work and also suggests meeting a month later which usually never happens.

It's important to note her parents are retired and have a loooot of free time, they're also overall healthy and still drive. Her brother does work full time, but we all have the standard corporate 9 to 5 jobs. Last weekend, we all met for a lunch before summer holidays start, and her brother approached me and said sth like "I'm very sad you and my sister are leaving. We will never see each other much now". I simply replied "Well, you already see each other just once or twice per year, so you can continue doing that when you go for vacation to our new country". BIL was surprised by this and said "come on, that's not true", and I said "it's been like this ever since I met your sister". (for context, the family owns a summer house in the country we'll be moving to, so they really do go there at least once per year always.) After this, someone joined us and the topic changed, but BIL was pretty cold to me for the rest of the night.

I understand I probably embarrassed him, but I find it pretty hypocritical that they blame us for leaving while every time rejecting or stalling my wife's proposals to meet up. My wife didn't hear this convo, but I later told her and she laughed a bit and agreed.
