He’s been outside our door for 8 hours
subreddit: creepyencounters
I don’t know what to do.

My partner and I live in a condo-like situation, with our apartment being at the end of the lot and a trail leading to another street right next to our door. There’s no fencing or gate to our condo.

I (29F) live with my partner (31M) and our dog (11butjustababy). Last night our dog was going crazy then I heard my partner say something downstairs then shut the door. He’s used to not locking the door all the time (grew up in a place where he didn’t necessarily need to I guess) so sometimes when he enters he just…doesn’t lock the door. Turns out a guy opened the door and tried to walk into our apartment which is why I heard him say something and then shut the door. We thought maybe he just got the wrong apartment so we left it at that. At this point it’s like 10pm and we both have work tomorrow so an hour or so later we go to sleep.

Well, our dog has been barking at the door since then, kind of sporadically, maybe like once every hour or so, but she does that sometimes so again we brushed it off. Around 4am our dog is now going really berserk and then someone starts pounding on our door. At this point we’re thinking it’s probably the same guy from earlier so my partner goes to yell at whoever it is through our door and the guy is saying that his wife is in our apartment and that she’s cheating on him and she’s no longer a Christian woman. (I’m not his wife and not Christian to begin with…) My partner tells him that his wife is not here, he’s got to leave, but the guy is persistent. So we call the police. The guy takes off (surprise). The police can’t do anything so they leave and tell us to call again if he comes back.

Well…he’s back. I can hear him from our bedroom window shuffling outside and talking to himself. If I call the police he’ll just run away again and then possibly come back when they leave. So what do I do? I leave early for work when it’s still dark out (probably not today, though, being as he’s STILL outside). What if we call the police, he runs away, and he’s back tonight?

UPDATE: Called the cops again. They got him to leave for now but couldn’t technically arrest him. Heard the officer talking to him though and it turns out he was just in jail for criminal trespassing. I wonder if he’ll come back later.
