I gave my brother's girlfriend a surprise when she wouldn't stop stealing my dirty underwear
subreddit: pettyrevenge
When I (F31) was 15, my brother (M41 now and was 25 at the time) had a GF (F21 at the time) who would steal my dirty underwear and wear them (without washing). I had the suspicion when my clothes were disappearing (shirts, pants, bras, and then underwear). I've asked her to stop taking my clothes previously, before knowing about my underwear being part of the deal. It was confirmed when I saw my underwear that I had just discarded it into the dirty laundry basket an hour prior, and she bent over. When she bent over, her pants had fallen a bit, but enough for me to see my own underwear.

For some context, growing up, I was the one doing everyone's laundry. We would have a laundry basket in the bathroom for dirty clothes. I would sort, wash, hang up, take down, and fold everyone's clothes before taking them to everyone's room. Weird in its own right, if you ask me, but I digress. There were 6 adults and two children living in the house, including me as a child.

After seeing my dirty underwear on her butt, I couldn't believe it. I thought maybe she had a pair like mine (a variety pack from Walmart or something), but I realized I'd only seen mine while doing the laundry. I didn't want to ask her outright because, in the off chance that I was wrong, it would be a weird accusation. Plus, I've always been shy but more so as a teenager.

So I tested the theory, I took a picture of the next pair of underwear that I took off, sitting on top of the laundry pile, took my shower, and checked back about an hour later - they were gone. I checked everywhere in the bathroom. When she and my brother left to go to the store, I went to see if they were anywhere in their room. Nope. Gone. When they came back, I was helping with groceries. She bent down to pick up a bag, and there on her butt was my "test" underwear.

At this point, I asked her if she was wearing my underwear. She denied it. I told her I knew those were mine, and she tried to say I must have put them in her clean clothes pile by mistake. I told her that they hadn't been washed yet because I just took them off today and left them in the bathroom. I showed the picture. She left the room crying. I called after her to stop taking my clothes. After this, I started keeping my dirty laundry in my room. Soon after, I noticed that my clothes started disappearing again. Turns out, she would go into my room when I'm at school. I confirmed this by just opening the door to their room when they left, and found my clothes scattered across it.

At this point, I've had enough. So onto my confession... The next time I was hanging laundry, I noticed a cactus that we had out back near the clothesline. I thought of the pair of underwear I confronted her about (with the picture). I couldn't bring myself to wear them, even after I washed them. I thought to myself, "it won't be any harm as long as she doesn't wear my stuff..." I took the haunted underwear, held it taut, rubbed it on the cactus 🫣, then carefully put it in a spot in my room that would appear "dirty," and left for school.

I came home to see that the pair of underwear was gone. I saw her later that day walking funny, and she couldn't look at me. She never said anything to me about it, but I've heard through the wall we share that she needs help getting the pricklies off. I thought that I was sly about it lol, but it turns out my brother put 2 and 2 together. Years later, after their relationship ended, he comedically brought up the story at a get-together, ending it with "Yes (my name), I know that was you," and we couldn't control our laughter. I clarified some things about the situation to him in that conversation since he wasn't fully aware due to the lies from his gf (now ex) and trying to stay out of "girl drama" (he was under the impression that it was other items of CLEAN clothing).

It definitely wasn't my finest moment, but she got the pokey.
