I temporarily stained the toilets at work with excrement to get back at the housekeeper for intentionally breaking my equipment.
subreddit: pettyrevenge
Years ago I worked the overnight shift at private club. The front door needed to be locked, but i had a sign in a plastic case that I hung in the door with a phone number for people to call if they arrived late and needed to get in. The housekeeper would come in the morning and take the sign down to clean the glass, which was fine because it was time to take the sign down anyway.

Well, one day after probably 5 years of doing this without issue, she decided to be angry about it. Her solution was not to tell me to take it down before she got there, but rather to throw the sign onto the chair by the door so hard it would break. I told her she shouldnt have done that and she snapped saying she shouldnt have to move it. To be clear, she was whining about a 4x6" plastic picture frame with a sheet of printer paper inside.

In an effort to keep the peace, I told her I would do it. The problem is I am a creature of habit and forgot most of the time. She broke the sign repeatedly. I told her if its that big of an issue and she sees I have forgotten, she should come get me and tell me to move it. She refused, saying she shouldn't have to do any of that because, "thats not my job."

Finally one day the sign straight up went missing. This was the third or fourth sign I had made by this point. I admit I should have tried harder to remember to take it down before she got there, but i also feel like this is an insane thing for a 40 year old woman to throw a tantrum over.

I was pissed it went missing and I figured she threw it out, as I have witnessed her throwing out other things she arbitrarily decided she didnt like, despite the fact that she knew others used them. So i concocted a delightful bit of petty revenge.

Since I work alone third shift, there is no one else there to be offended by things like smells. I had no issue making chili for breakfast, as farting all night made no difference when you worked alone. But it also creates some truly heinous shits. Shits that can temporarily stain porcelain. Nothing nearly as permanent as her shattering a flimsy plastic picture frame, but also, scrubbing the toilets was 100% her job.

So not only did I increase my chili intake for about 2 weeks, but i also ate as much asparagus as I could stomach anf anything that would increase the color and stench of my excrement. I then made sure to use the same toilet all night and didnt flush until I saw her coming in on the camera. Funnily enough, this petty revenge improved my memory for taking down the sign, as I did that just moments before flushing the toilet.

Needless to say, 8 hours of chili shit and asparagus piss soup in the toilet did a nunber on the nose, and faintly stained the porcelain a slight orange shade. This place was pretty top notch, so if the toilets weren't pristine, it was an issue. But I also knew from scrubbing my own toilet that it would come off, you just needed to scrub slightly harder.

The best part was the bathroom had a shared wall with my office, so I could hear a lot of what went on in there. So every morning for 2 weeks straight I would hear the bathroom door open, then hear the window open, followed by her violently throwing up the toilet seat and scrubbing for all she's worth. Once or twice i swear I heard her muttering under her breath.

I never told her it was me. I don't recall if she ever asked. But I could sense her frustration when I heard how hard the toilet seat hit the top of the toilet. She never pulled it up that hard before.

Maybe this makes me an asshole, but i really don't feel bad. Don't break my stuff.

Oh, and I forgot to mention that she eventually quit a few months after that event. Then maybe 6 months after she quit, I found the missing sign. She hid it on the top shelf of the cabinet in my office because I am average height, therefore I couldnt see or reach it, but she was 6 feet tall so it was no problem for her. I had to climb on the desk to get it down. And when I did I saw a big crack in it.
