Oh the things I'll do to your ex girlfriend
subreddit: pettyrevenge
The Setup

I'm from a secular family where doing normal young adult things is no big deal (drinking, premarital sex staying, out late etc) .
I was hanging out with a new group of friends who were mostly Christian but did normal young adult things (just quietly though)
Amongst the group one of the guys had a reputation of being a prig and a prude that didn't do young adult things.

The Conflict

To each there own I say but I'd heard from multiple people that he was saying things behind my back that weren't true and actively warning girls to stay away from me.

During this time at a uni party I bumped into his ex girlfriend who he was still very much in love with and the poor thing looked very uncomfortable and out of place.
When I'm drunk I'm super friendly so I bought her a coke, introduced her to some people, we had a nice chat about our hometown then I went on my merry way.

The next week I met her between classes and she confessed she'd been uncomfortable because she'd heard horrible things about me and had assumed I was going to grope her or something.
I'm normally not one for being subtle but I had an inspired thought and on the spot thought of an amazing petty revenge plan.

The Plan

From that moment on I took every opportunity to spend time with this lovely lady, I lived on campus so invited her round for tea, I'd put nice comments on her facebook, I'd always be on my best behaviour whenever we were in a group setting.
Above all I NEVER said a bad word about her ex

The Result

I heard on the grapevine that he'd approached her at a party and was freaking out that this evil secular monster was attempting to corrupt her.
She scolded him saying what a nice guy I was, how I had never bad mouthed him and he should be more concerned with how he treats girls.

They never got back together and I was happy to hear about how annoying and petty she found him.

I quite enjoyed her company on top of the benefits of petty revenge and still think fondly over our platonic friendship.
