Told my friends about a guy that tried to kidnap me 3 years ago and saw him that same day
subreddit: creepyencounters
I had this extremely scary thing happen to me about a week ago. First a bit of a backstory, 3 years ago I was walking home from school taking the usual route, and I was walking into a pathway that was like a 5 minute walk from my house when I saw a man walking towards me and I immediately sensed that something was off. The guy was huge, like to a point where it just looked abnormal, he had a bunch of big grey messy curls and he was wearing a red shirt and overalls, but the part that threw me off the most was his face, there was just something so uncanny about the way he looked, and I dont know why, but after seeing him walk in my direction I immediately turned around and started walking back to where I came from, which was a busy road at the beggining of the pathway.

I don’t know how this guy did it, probably with his long ahh legs, but he immediately caught up to me and then he started pulling me back by my backpack that I was wearing, I was like 13 and very lightweight and he was huge but somehow my survivals instinct kicked in and its kinda hard to explain but I started moving so my heavy ass backpack was shoving into him hard enough and since the backpack weighted like 20 kg (I’m not making this up I put it on the scale) it seemed to have startled him a bit and there were also people coming into the pathway so I just took my chance and ran towards the busy street where I knew he couldn’t do anything since there were so many people around.

Now to the part where I’m freaked out, it’s been 3 years since that happened and I honestly haven’t really thought much about it and I hadn’t seen the guy ever since so I let it go until one day during lunch with my friends kidnapping came up and I told the story to them. That evening I came home from school and felt like baking cupcakes so I took my bike and left for the store. I kid you not I have barely left the street I live in and who do I see? THE MAN, wearing the same, the exact same outfit from three years ago and when I tell you I almost screamed. I haven’t seen this man in years, I talk about him one day, and now he’s just here again. I was so scared but just kept biking but honestly it’s been keeping me up at night cause what are the chances like that’s insane. Anyway sorry if my English sucks its not my native language. Stay safe out there
