I was about to kill my sister in law and her boyfriend
subreddit: confessions
She got evicted, she was going to be homeless because of her bad financial situation, so we opened our home to her. We had not even lived together for even a month at that point.

Imagine my shock when she broke every rule, didnt shower, ate our shit, brought her boyfriend over who we didn’t know, and when called out on it called my girlfriend a bitch, and told her to shut the fuck up, slammed OUR door and talked shit about us to their mom for two hours screaming.

So I told my girlfriend that she needed to kick her sister out. She did. It took her 3 days from entering our home to having to leave.

The day comes, we tell her that her shit needed to be out by 2pm. Its 4pm and shes not here, so I take her stuff and put it outside.

They come an hour later livid, but quietly pick up her things from the curb. At this point their parents were over our home to meet our new kitten. When she realized their parents were there and she had an audience all hell broke loose.

She slammed on our door in anger. My girlfriend opened it and she proceeded to shout and argue, her boyfriend was right behind her.

Now before I tell you this next part, my girlfriend and her sisters lived life shielded from the outside world. I on the other hand lived the opposite life. I grew up in the streets of St.Louis. I was never a thug, im a pretty nerdy guy, i just didnt have a choice. I came from complete poverty and needed to be tough to survive. Ive had my fair share of life or death situations. Ive lost lots of people, I’m happy I escaped.

But as they argued, she held our door open, and she slapped my girlfriend, at this point I was taking a back seat, but I got up, gun in pocket and was about to put both her and her boyfriend into a closed casket.

Dad notices, and runs to get his daughter. We closed the door and she cried like a pathetic bitch outside our locked house.

I realized I dont need to have the mindset I used to, and I was about to fuck up my entire life for a homeless idiot. Got rid of my gun, and got into therapy. To this day only my therapist knows.

EDIT: I wasnt angry over just a slap. These individuals invaded our home, and assaulted my fiancé, and all we did was try to help her. Thats what was going to get them killed.
