My Wife Looks More Like My Mother Every Day
subreddit: shortscarystories
“Good morning, honey!” I said as my wife came down for her morning coffee before heading off to work. I gestured toward the eggs, bacon, and waffles I’d made. “Can I get you anything?”

She looked over the spread. “It looks wonderful dear, but I’m trying to watch my figure. I’m not getting any younger, after all.”

“I understand. More for me.”

She gave me a disapproving look. “I’ll be home late tonight,” she said. “I have that end-of-quarter project to finish.”

“No problem, honey. Good luck!”

She headed out, and I finished eating and went to my home office to start my workday. I had the advantage of working remotely - couldn’t beat the commute. 

I’d finished work, done some light cleaning, and made dinner before Cheryl got home. 

“Hey, sweetheart. Dinner’s on the stove.”

“Oh, that’s nice dear,” she said, looking at the meat and cheese pasta I’d made. “This looks good. A little heavy, though, isn’t it? Maybe we could both eat lighter going forward? We’re not in our twenties anymore.”

“You look great, honey. Just as beautiful as the day we got married. You don’t need to change a thing.”

She looked at me, giving me a quick up and down and making a brief frown that wasn’t that subtle.

“Thank you. I’m heading up to take a shower. Feel free to eat without me.”

I already did, I thought. Again. I put the food away and retired for the night. 

Cheryl came down the next morning. She turned down my breakfast offer, as usual, but she seemed unusually distressed. 

“What’s wrong?” I asked. 

“This morning, when I was getting ready, I… I found a gray hair.”

“Oh. Well, it happens - I’ve been there. We all get older.”

“Not me!” Taking a breath, she continued. “I’m sorry. But it’s different for me. If you go gray, you’ll be ‘distinguished.’ I’ll be old, useless, no longer considered for key projects, phased out.”

“I’m sure it won’t be that bad. They know how good you are at what you do.”

She nodded hesitantly, clearly unconvinced, and walked out the door.

A week later, she was brushing her hair before bed when she shrieked. 

“What’s wrong?”

“There are more of them! There’s a whole gray patch on the side of my head!”

I looked at her. “I can’t see anything.”

“But I can, which means the partners will! How can this be happening? I’ve taken care of myself, done everything I was supposed to.”

“Honey, time catches up with all of us. There’s only so much we can do.”

That’s easy for you to say,” she replied bitterly. “You’re not aging by the day. Hell, you look better than you ever have.”

“Thanks. I’ve been taking care of myself.”

“So have I!”

“Good genes, I guess. Come on, come to bed.”

A few weeks later, Cheryl came home from work earlier than normal. The preceding weeks had taken their toll; her hair was mostly gray and her once-smooth face had started to age. But the first thing I noticed wasn’t the lines on her face but the tears streaming down it. 

“What happened?”

“They demoted me!”

“They what? Why?”

“It wasn’t an official demotion; they knew better than that. But they moved me to a smaller office away from the rest of the leadership and reassigned my client-facing accounts. They said it was to ‘optimize the efficiency of the office,’ but it was obvious they wanted me kept away from clients.”

“Why would they do that?” 

“Look at me!” she screamed. “I’m disgusting! I can’t even blame them - why would they want clients to see this when there are younger, more attractive associates?!?”

“Honey, there’s nothing wrong with you…”

“I’m hideous! My hair is almost completely gray, my face is covered in lines, my skin is starting to sag; people are avoiding me. This morning, I almost fell in the office - I told everyone my heel was caught on something, but the truth is, my knee gave out! How can I look this old?” She started to cry. 

“Honey, it’s alright. I promised ‘till death do us part;’ I’m not going anywhere.”

“Really?”

“Really.”

She collapsed into my arms. “Why do you look so good when I look like this?”

“Just lucky, I guess. Don’t worry - everything will be fine.”

But everything wasn’t fine. A month later, Cheryl collapsed coming down the stairs. I took her to the hospital and she was admitted. I sat by her bedside holding her hand as she struggled to breathe. She looked at least eighty years old. 

“Craig, what… happened… to me? I… don’t… understand…”

“Well, honey, I believe it’s called karma.”

She paused and looked up at me. “…What?”

“Well, I always knew you liked younger men, that their attention fed your ego. But I didn’t know until recently that you were sleeping with one. So I thought, since you liked youth so much, what if it were taken away?”

“That’s…”

“Ingenious, I know. The hard part was finding someone to make it work. Fortunately, there was a witch who needed money, and we were able to come to an arrangement.”

“No…”

“Don’t worry - you aren’t alone. Your boy toy, Jason? He’s going through the same thing. Well, was going; I understand he passed away last week.”

“I’ll… tell… someone…”

“Go ahead. I’ve already informed the hospital that you have early stage dementia and sometimes get confused about what's real and what isn’t. They all think I’m an angel for taking such good care of you.”

“And the best part? All that youth and vitality you lost - wanna guess where it went?”

I stood up, feeling younger than I had in years. 

“Don’t worry. They say youth is wasted on the young, but I’ll make sure to fully appreciate it. After all, I’ve got my whole life ahead of me.”

I stood and walked to the door, looking back at her one last time. “Goodnight, Mother.”
